So let's talk
about some advanced features of CloudHSM.
The first one is that you have integrations
with AWS Services by basically going through KMS.
So when you go through KMS,
you configure a KMS Custom Key Store,
and this Key Store is going to be backed by CloudHSM.
And this is how the CloudHSM can be used
by doing integrations, for example,
with EBS volumes, or encrypting S3 objects,
or RDS database, et cetera, et cetera.
On top of it,
you can also support RDS Oracle TDE through KMS.
So the diagram looks like this.
We create an HSM cluster,
and we connect it to AWS KMS through a custom key store.
And then whenever you want to integrate a key
with RDS, for example, or an EBS volume,
you just set up KMS encryption,
and then automatically,
your data will be encrypted with CloudHSM.
And the benefit of doing this is that any API calls made
in KMS is going to be logged in CloudTrail.
And because this key is backed by CloudHSM,
we effectively have created a key usage log
of CloudHSM through CloudTrail.
You also have integration
with third-party services with CloudHSM,
so you can create and store keys in CloudHSM,
and then you can perform SSL or TLS offload,
Windows Server Certificate Authority,
Oracle TDE, Microsoft SignTool, Java Keytool, and so on.
Another thing you need to know is how
to share a CloudHSM cluster across accounts.
You can actually
share the private subnets your CloudHSM cluster resides in
using RAM,
but you cannot share the CloudHSM cluster itself.
So if you look at a diagram, this is what you have.
You'll have a private subnet
which contains your CloudHSM cluster,
and then several accounts
that want to access your CloudHSM cluster.
What you'll do is that you share the subnets themselves
within your organization, for example,
or specific OUs or specific accounts.
And then these accounts,
because they have network connectivity into your subnets,
because they can deploy stuff within your subnets,
they will have access to your CloudHSM cluster.
And then, of course,
you need to make sure that your security groups
allow traffic from clients that are in different accounts.
But you cannot share a CloudHSM cluster using RAM,
you must share the underlying subnet instead.
Okay, that's it.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.